Update unicode-display_width dependency (#61)
piotrmurach/tty-progressbar: CHANGELOG.md

# Change log

## unreleased

### Changes

> * Relaxed version constraints for unicode-display_width dependency

Reviewer: Let's keep it consistent:
```suggestion
* Change the gemspec to allow version 3 of unicode-display_width dependency
  by Kieran Pilkington (@KieranP) 
```
